Updating ReadMe (#1046)
actions/starter-workflows: README.md

### Valid properties

* `name`: the name shown in onboarding. This property is unique within the repository.
* `description`: the description shown in onboarding

> * `iconName`: the icon name in the relevant folder, for example `django` should have an icon `icons/django.svg`. Only SVG is supported at this time. Another option is to use [octicon](https://primer.style/octicons/). The format to use an octicon is `octicon <<icon name>>`. Example: `octicon person`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `iconName`: the icon name in the relevant folder, for example, `django` should have an icon `icons/django.svg`. Only SVG is supported at this time. Another option is to use [octicon](https://primer.style/octicons/). The format to use an octicon is `octicon <<icon name>>`. Example: `octicon person`
```

* `creator`: creator of the template shown in onboarding. All the workflow templates from an author will have the same `creator` field.

> * `categories`: the list categories that it will be shown under. Choose atleast one category from the list [here](#categories). Further, choose the categories from the list of languages available [here](https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml). When a user views the available templates, those templates that match the same language will feature more prominently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `categories`: the categories list that it will be shown under. Choose at least one category from the list [here](#categories). Further, choose the categories from the list of languages available [here](https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml). When a user views the available templates, those templates that match the same language will feature more prominently.
```
